Xu Bingyan, you said that woman's name was Xu Bingyan
Later, when Fang Jiashu was 6 years old
Xu Bingyan suddenly went crazy
He killed his own son with sleeping pills
Then he took sleeping pills and died
After that?
Her husband's husband is dead, dead, crazy.
Since then
The legend of the haunted by the wind begins
How could a woman poison her own child?
So I say
Did everyone in the village say that this person was possessed by evil?
It's night time.
Everyone in the village can see Xu Bienian's ghost
So scary
Everything that can be moved out of this village has been moved out
Leave those 108 people behind
Most of them are left-behind elderly
I don't think it's that simple
Xu Bingyan
Boss Feng
Do you know where this woman lives?
I heard that it is the Xujialou of the city
After all these years?
And a brother to take care of her
What is it called Xu Youde?
The master seems to want to solve Xu Bingyan's matter
We must find Void Poison
May be the only one who knows the truth
But the world is so big
How hard is it to find someone?
Fang dare to say
Who are Moments?
I am.
What are you looking for me for?
You fuck
Just you scumbag
It's okay to do a supernatural live broadcast here, right?
Who the hell are you?